**Issue Raised by the product user:**

**This email will be sent to the product team highlighting the issue and
other details like error description (if any), or reproduction steps (if
any), or system information (if any)**

**Agent 1 uses Email Template 1 as trigger**

Email Template 1 for testing :

Email subject - Feature Issue for Power Automate Product team

Email body -

Hello Team,

I am working in Power Automate and facing this issue, Workflows in Power
Automate intermittently fail due to timeouts or server unavailability.

The detail of the issue is, A workflow in Power Automate fails
intermittently, either due to timeouts or issues with external services
or data sources. This is particularly common when workflows are reliant
on third-party services or APIs that may experience delays or outages.
The workflow may either fail after a certain duration or return
incomplete results.

Can you please help with some resolution.

Regards,

Product user.

**Product user sends a follow up email to the Product team with Track ID
and additional information related to the issue raised.**

**Agent 2 uses Email Template 2 as trigger**

Email Template 2 for testing :

Email subject - Power Automate: Bug #TrackingId(XXXXX)

Email body --

Dear Support Team,

I am reaching out to report an issue where our workflows in Power
Automate intermittently fail. The failures are not consistent and seem
to occur randomly during execution. Below are the details about the
issue:

Frequency of Failure: The workflows fail intermittently, with no clear
pattern or trigger that I can identify. Sometimes, the workflows execute
successfully, but on other occasions, they stop unexpectedly without
completing all actions.

 Type of Workflow: These workflows typically involve integrating with
Office 365 Outlook, Azure DevOps, and other connectors. They include
tasks such as replying to emails, updating work items, and fetching
details from various systems.

 

Error Messages: The error messages are varied but commonly include
issues like \"Action failed\" or \"Timeout\" during the execution of
specific steps. There is no specific action that consistently fails.

Frequency of the Issue: This issue occurs sporadically, sometimes after
several successful runs and sometimes after only a few. It does not
happen every time the workflow is executed.

Troubleshooting Steps Taken:

I have tried re-running the workflows, but they continue to fail
intermittently.

I have reviewed the error logs, but they do not provide enough insight
into the root cause.

I've assured you that all connectors are properly authenticated and that
there are no known issues with the connected services.

Impact: The intermittent failures of these workflows impact on our
ability to automate certain processes reliably, leading to delays and
potential gaps in communication and task tracking.

Please advise on the next steps to diagnose and resolve this issue. If
any additional details are needed from my side, feel free to let me
know.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

 

Best regards,

Product user.
